-

-

-

eh?

-

....none of your business ;)

Nightwatch

red or white or fire

firey red

A torchie.

Processional Drummer giving the pulse that the others resonate to

a pluralist

white

a White Warrior Woman

a Processional Drummer. 

Fire

blue with a goodly tinge of white and a shot of production

white

Fuego.

Fire point

an outsider

Red, bitches.

Nightwatch

Nightwatch

White or black energy, either moving in the procession as an extention of the May Queen or driving that energy forward with the beat of a drum.

a torchbearer

a drummer

a drummer.

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Me

a hippy.

a performer

that guy who's still finishing his costume 5 minutes before the ritual starts.

an exhibitionist.

someone who has made things happen, great and small.

any part i choose

a facilitator.

not a hippy

iconoclastic.

an anomaly

Only marginally involved

A petrol-head anti-hippie

part of an amazing community

me

normal

punk rock point!

not a damn-hippy.

Beltaner

a lover of nature, traditional celebrations and community participation.

a servant of the Goddess

On the fringe (photopoint)

Pagan

audience member...

Beltaner

A small cog in the Beltane machine

A fascist insect that preys upon the life of the people.

Not sure.  Had you asked me 2 years ago I would have said white but that period of my life is past.  The whole is important to me now, not any one individual role.

being at my first Beltane ever as a performer. Mind blowing.

A member of an amazing artistic society, that combines community, art and  ritual in ways that transforms people.

1. An unexpected friend. I mean I have no idea I was so many peoples' friend. How unexpected. 2. The person people happily seek advice from, but are never so happy when you offer it. 3. Fire Point.

wanting more out of it on the actual night, the run up and community aspect so far feel more interesting.

disappointed that some members of the Society act in a manner so different to the ethos it would like to promote.

new to every festival in that there is always something to explore, and many things still to learn...

someone who can't fully commit to it because of the massive frustration inherent in the attitudes of the majority of participants. 

a member of the Beltane community first, and an individual performer seeking to advance my own art and express my own creativity second. The best thing about BFS is it's a living community that comes together through our shared interests, and whereas I think there is a lot of value in the individual artistic and spiritual journeys members can undergo, the real gold is the experience of sharing and supporting each other toward a common goal and community celebration! Modern life can tend toward isolation, and Beltane is a fantastic way for all of us to break out of our little boxes and experience life as part of a community connected to other performers/celebrants, to our City and the world around us. Long Live Beltane and all who sail in her!

a practising druid who feels the spiritual path of Beltane has become clouded by politics and committees.

a guardian. Not completely a steward, but there in the background, help to guard and protect whilst others in the group perform.

A new member, planning on coming next year, but doing lots of research, reading and watching filmed parts of the festival in the meantime

learning each group one by one because i can only choose what group i prefer when i have experienced them all











